Remove "Usage" section of design.login.gov (#228)
18F/identity-style-guide: docs/index.md

          The key to a strong brand <br>is <span class="text-accent-cool">consistency</span>.
        </div>
        <p class="usa-intro">{{ page.lead }}</p>

>         <a href="https://github.com/18F/identity-style-guide#configuring-for-development" class="usa-button usa-button--big">See install instructions on GitHub</a>

Reviewer: This section no longer exists:

```suggestion
        <a href="https://github.com/18F/identity-style-guide#installation-local" class="usa-button usa-button--big">See install instructions on GitHub</a>
```
